Add support import for aws_wafregional_web_acl resource (#9248)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/wafregional_web_acl.html.markdown

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the WAF Regional WebACL.
* `id` - The ID of the WAF Regional WebACL.

## Import

> WAF Regional Rule Group can be imported using the id, e.g.

Reviewer: Small copy-paste typo 😎 

```suggestion
WAF Regional Web ACL can be imported using the id, e.g.
```
